I got to start with a question who here
likes morons if you're not raising your
hand you're wrong they're all around you
all right so we're gonna go through a
few examples here the first one is
actually in nature so if you were just
one little you get eaten by a
shark but if you're a swarm of fishes
you can actually look bigger than you
are and you can steer the shark away so
already decentralization is better than
centralization so continuing our swarm
exploration in society the best camp
we're surrounded by swarms as well if
there was only one person that we could
go to for the knowledge about ifs if it
all lived in one's brain and one died
we'd all be out of luck fortunately it's
a swarm and we all have knowledge that
we can all share and we're all sharing
it right now
we're all downloading each other's
brains to each other right now and it's
not stopping there we do it with our
machines in tech we share our
information with servers and fortunately
we're trying to make it so that that
content lives everywhere and not just in
Facebook servers but in everybody's
servers and it will be a new happy world
where the swarms are everywhere and we
can share content and ideas and
everything like never before in our new
swarming world
[Applause]